[doc/otp_ctrl] update OTP_CTRL doc (#6688)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip/otp_ctrl/doc/dv/index.md

```

### TL_agent
OTP_CTRL testbench instantiates (already handled in CIP base env) [tl_agent]({{< relref "hw/dv/sv/tl_agent/README.md" >}}), which provides the ability to drive and independently monitor random traffic via TL host interface into OTP_CTRL device.

### Alert_agents
OTP_CTRL testbench instantiates (already handled in CIP base env) two [alert_agents]({{< relref "hw/dv/sv/alert_esc_agent/README.md" >}}):
fatal_check_alert and fatal_macro_alert.
The alert_agents provide the ability to drive and independently monitor alert handshakes via alert interfaces in OTP_CTRL device.

### OTP_CTRL interface
OTP_CTRL design has specific inputs and outputs to communicate with other IPs including LC_CTRL, OTBN, SRAM, FLASH etc.
This interface is created to initialize, use simple task to drive, and use assertions to monitor these signals.

### Memory backdoor interface

> OTP_CTRL testbench binds design's non-volatile OTP memory with a [`mem_bkdr_if`]({{< relref "hw/dv/sv/mem_bkdr_if/README.md" >}}), which provides the ability to backdoor initiate, read, write, or inject ECC errors to design's OTP memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OTP_CTRL testbench binds design's non-volatile OTP memory with a [`mem_bkdr_if`]({{< relref "hw/dv/sv/mem_bkdr_if/README.md" >}}), which supports reads, writes, and injection of ECC errors to design's OTP memory.
```

Author: Thanks so much Matute, sounds much better!

### TL_agent
OTP_CTRL testbench instantiates (already handled in CIP base env) [tl_agent]({{< relref "hw/dv/sv/tl_agent/README.md" >}})

> which provides the ability to drive and independently monitor random traffic via TL host interface into OTP_CTRL device.

Reviewer 2: same here

### Alert_agents
OTP_CTRL testbench instantiates (already handled in CIP base env) two [alert_agents]({{< relref "hw/dv/sv/alert_esc_agent/README.md" >}}):
fatal_check_alert and fatal_macro_alert.
The alert_agents provide the ability to drive and independently monitor alert handshakes via alert interfaces in OTP_CTRL device.

### OTP_CTRL interface
OTP_CTRL design has specific inputs and outputs to communicate with other IPs including LC_CTRL, OTBN, SRAM, FLASH etc.
This interface is created to initialize, use simple task to drive, and use assertions to monitor these signals.

### Memory backdoor interface

> OTP_CTRL testbench binds design's non-volatile OTP memory with a [`mem_bkdr_if`]({{< relref "hw/dv/sv/mem_bkdr_if/README.md" >}}),

Reviewer 2: small nit: one sentence per line

Author: let me update the template as well with a separate PR :) Thanks for pointing that out.

#### Functional coverage
To ensure high quality constrained random stimulus, it is necessary to develop a functional coverage model.
The following two files declared OTP_CTRL's covergroups:

> - `dv/env/otp_ctrl_env_cov.sv`: This file declares functional or CSR related covergroups. The functional coverage is collected manually inside OTP_CTRL's scoreboard by invoking the `sample` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dv/env/otp_ctrl_env_cov.sv` declares functional or CSR related covergroups.
  The functional coverage is collected manually inside OTP_CTRL's scoreboard by invoking the `sample` function.
```

Author: That sounds much more condense, thanks so much

> - `dv/cov/otp_ctrl_cov_if.sv`: This file declares interface signal related covergroups. The functional coverage is collected automatically when the sampled signal is active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dv/cov/otp_ctrl_cov_if.sv` declares interface signal related covergroups.
  The functional coverage is collected automatically when the sampled signal is active.
```

Author: Thanks again!
